# Agile Frameworks

Agile is a blanket term for a wide range of iterative development frameworks. The key for all these frameworks is that, all of these frameworks are iterative and embrance change quickly.

Agile frameworks are applied at different organisation levels.

## Team Level

1. Scrum
> Scrum is a framework that helps teams work together. Much like a rugby team (where it gets its name) training for the big game, scrum encourages teams to learn through experiences, self-organize while working on a problem, and reflect on their wins and losses to continuously improve.
2. XP
> Extreme programming (XP) is a software development methodology intended to improve software quality and responsiveness to changing customer requirements. As a type of agile software development, it advocates frequent releases in short development cycles, intended to improve productivity and introduce checkpoints at which new customer requirements can be adopted. 
3. Kanban
> Kanban is a popular framework used to implement agile and DevOps software development. It requires real-time communication of capacity and full transparency of work. Work items are represented visually on a kanban board, allowing team members to see the state of every piece of work at any time.
4. Scrumban
> Scrumban is a project management framework that combines important features of two popular agile methodologies: Scrum and Kanban. The Scrumban framework merges the structure and predictable routines of Scrum with Kanban’s flexibility to make teams more agile, efficient, and productive.
5. Scrum of Scrums
> Scrum of Scrums is a scaled agile technique that offers a way to connect multiple teams who need to work together to deliver complex solutions. It helps teams develop and deliver complex products through transparency, inspection, and adaptation, at scale. It’s particularly successful when all high-performing scrum team members work towards a common goal, have trust, respect, and are completely aligned.

## Scaling Agile

1. SAFe
> The Scaled Agile Framework® (SAFe®) is a set of organizational and workflow patterns for implementing agile practices at an enterprise scale. The framework is a body of knowledge that includes structured guidance on roles and responsibilities, how to plan and manage the work, and values to uphold. SAFe promotes alignment, collaboration, and delivery across large numbers of agile teams. It was formed around three primary bodies of knowledge: agile software development, lean product development, and systems thinking.
2. Disciplined Agile Delivery (DAD)
> Disciplined Agile® Delivery (DAD) is a people-first, learning-oriented hybrid agile approach to IT solution delivery. DAD addresses all aspects of the full delivery life cycle, supporting multiple ways of working (WoW) that can be tailored for the context that you face. DAD encompasses all aspects of agile software development in a robust, pragmatic, and governable manner. 
3. LeSS
> LeSS is a scaled up version of one-team Scrum, and it maintains many of the practices and ideas of one-team Scrum.

